Oh No what is this no googily worm this
go pop jiggly Jam make it so funny hey
what's this uh hunka sandwich from last
year
Joey's got one hooked Wow looks like a
big one oh it's a classic struggle
between men
someone knocked over a lamp sorry hey
you guys you know what's gonna be great
about the fishing trip this year well my
dad gets me out in the middle of the
lake and gives me that Joey what are you
doing with your life stuff I can say
well I'm doing a movie with Charlton
Heston dad what do you do with your life
you don't have to stop having fun just
because I'm here Cathy didn't cheat on
all of you well I accept you hey Joey I
don't think that you should leave
Chandler alone I mean it's only been two
days since you broke up with Cathy maybe
you can go fishing next week look
there's nothing I can do for him right
now he's still in his sweatpants that's
only phase one I'll be back for phase
two I would never miss phase two what's
phase two getting drunk and going to a
strip club I was going to a strip club
make him better there are naked ladies
there
oh and it helps them get to Phase three
picturing yourself with other women
there are naked ladies there too yeah
could you give me one minute please no I
can't believe Cathy did this to me I
really thought that she was the one well
I'll tell you what from now on I'm not
getting out of this chair ever okay from
now on this chair is the one boy
sweatpants come on man justjust take the
sweats off okay just take them off and
we'll have some fun three days on the
lake without a shower plus I fell in
that big tub of worms at the bait stand
he hasn't gotten over that chair in two
days hey buddy how's it going
see that he just need this pal to come
home all right
hey you go memorize my lines me charlton
heston bright and early tomorrow baby
yeah yeah hello who's in there how you
doing the hell are you guess you
wouldn't believe me if I said I was Kirk
Douglas huh
put some pants on kid so I can kick your
butt no wait you don't understand see
I'm an actor Joey Tribbiani I'm doing a
scene with you today and well I stink
this picture yeah yeah I'm one of the
cops who won't work with you cuz you're
a loose cannon anyway look I'm really
sorry but I just I stink
Joey right yeah
every actor one time or another up every
actor thinks he stinks even Laurence
Olivier's sometimes thought he stank Bob
Redford won't even watch himself oh no
you don't understand Sassoon to me boy
yeah I don't know what actor worth his
salt one time in his career didn't say
god I stink hell I just haven't seen out
their first take
i stunk the place up the important thing
you must remember no matter how badly
you think you stink you must never ever
bust into my dressing room and use my
shower you understand yes sir yes sir
wait a minute take your pants yeah